-------------------------------------- I/O ---------------------------------------------------------------
Configuring Unused Port Pins
	Unused I/O pins should be configured as I/O function, output direction, and left unconnected on the PC
	board, to prevent a floating input and reduce power consumption. The value of the PxOUT bit is irrelevant,
	since the pin is unconnected. Alternatively, the integrated pullup/pulldown resistor can be enabled by
	setting the PxREN bit of the unused pin to prevent the floating input. See the System Resets, Interrupts,
	and Operating Modes chapter for termination of unused pins.

Input Register PxIN
	Each bit in each PxIN register reflects the value of the input signal at the corresponding 
	I/O pin when the pin is configured as I/O function.

		Bit = 0: The input is low
		Bit = 1: The input is high

		NOTE: 	Writing to Read-Only Registers PxIN
		Writing to these read-only registers results in increased current consumption while the write
		attempt is active.

Output Registers PxOUT
	Each bit in each PxOUT register is the value to be output on the corresponding I/O pin when the pin is
	configured as I/O function, output direction, and the pullup/down resistor is disabled.

		Bit = 0: The output is low
		Bit = 1: The output is high

	If the pin's pullup/pulldown resistor is enabled, the corresponding bit in the PxOUT register selects pullup
	or pulldown.

		Bit = 0: The pin is pulled down
		Bit = 1: The pin is pulled up

Direction Registers PxDIR
	Each bit in each PxDIR register selects the direction of the corresponding I/O pin, regardless of the
	selected function for the pin. PxDIR bits for I/O pins that are selected for other functions must be set as
	required by the other function.
	
		Bit = 0: The port pin is switched to input direction
		Bit = 1: The port pin is switched to output direction
		
Pullup/Pulldown Resistor Enable Registers PxREN
	Each bit in each PxREN register enables or disables the pullup/pulldown resistor of the corresponding I/O
	pin. The corresponding bit in the PxOUT register selects if the pin is pulled up or pulled down.
	
		Bit = 0: Pullup/pulldown resistor disabled
		Bit = 1: Pullup/pulldown resistor enabled

Function Select Registers PxSEL and PxSEL2
	Port pins are often multiplexed with other peripheral module functions. See the device-specific data sheet
	to determine pin functions. Each PxSEL and PxSEL2 bit is used to select the pin function - I/O port or
	peripheral module function.
				
			Table 8-1. PxSEL and PxSEL2
			----------------------------
			PxSEL2 	PxSEL 	Pin Function
			0 		0 		I/O function is selected.
			0 		1 		Primary peripheral module function is selected.
			1 		0 		Reserved. See device-specific data sheet.
			1 		1 		Secondary peripheral module function is selected.

	Setting PxSELx = 1 does not automatically set the pin direction. Other peripheral module functions may
	require the PxDIRx bits to be configured according to the direction needed for the module function. See
	the pin schematics in the device-specific data sheet.
	NOTE: Setting PxREN = 1 When PxSEL = 1
	On some I/O ports on the MSP430F261x and MSP430F2416/7/8/9, enabling the
	pullup/pulldown resistor (PxREN = 1) while the module function is selected (PxSEL = 1) does
	not disable the logic output driver. This combination is not recommended and may result in
	unwanted current flow through the internal resistor. See the device-specific data sheet pin
	schematics for more information.
	
	NOTE: P1 and P2 Interrupts Are Disabled When PxSEL = 1
	When any P1SELx or P2SELx bit is set, the corresponding pin's interrupt function is
	disabled. Therefore, signals on these pins will not generate P1 or P2 interrupts, regardless of
	the state of the corresponding P1IE or P2IE bit.

	When a port pin is selected as an input to a peripheral, the input signal to the peripheral is a latched
	representation of the signal at the device pin. While PxSELx = 1, the internal input signal follows the signal
	at the pin. However, if the PxSELx = 0, the input to the peripheral maintains the value of the input signal at
	the device pin before the PxSELx bit was reset.

P1 and P2 Interrupts

	Each pin in ports P1 and P2 have interrupt capability, configured with the PxIFG, PxIE, and PxIES
	registers. All P1 pins source a single interrupt vector, and all P2 pins source a different single interrupt
	vector. The PxIFG register can be tested to determine the source of a P1 or P2 interrupt.
	
Interrupt Flag Registers P1IFG, P2IFG
	Each PxIFGx bit is the interrupt flag for its corresponding I/O pin and is set when the selected input signal
	edge occurs at the pin. All PxIFGx interrupt flags request an interrupt when their corresponding PxIE bit
	and the GIE bit are set. Each PxIFG flag must be reset with software. Software can also set each PxIFG
	flag, providing a way to generate a software initiated interrupt.
		
		Bit = 0: No interrupt is pending
		Bit = 1: An interrupt is pending
	
	Only transitions, not static levels, cause interrupts. If any PxIFGx flag becomes set during a Px interrupt
	service routine, or is set after the RETI instruction of a Px interrupt service routine is executed, the set
	PxIFGx flag generates another interrupt. This ensures that each transition is acknowledged.
	
	NOTE: PxIFG Flags When Changing PxOUT or PxDIR
		Writing to P1OUT, P1DIR, P2OUT, or P2DIR can result in setting the corresponding P1IFG
		or P2IFG flags.
		
Interrupt Edge Select Registers P1IES, P2IES
	Each PxIES bit selects the interrupt edge for the corresponding I/O pin.
		Bit = 0: The PxIFGx flag is set with a low-to-high transition
		Bit = 1: The PxIFGx flag is set with a high-to-low transition
	
	NOTE: Writing to PxIESx
		Writing to P1IES, or P2IES can result in setting the corresponding interrupt flags.
							PxIESx 		PxINx	 	PxIFGx
							0 -> 1 		0 			May be set
							0 -> 1 		1 			Unchanged
							1 -> 0 		0 			Unchanged
							1 -> 0 		1 			May be set
							
Interrupt Enable P1IE, P2IE
	Each PxIE bit enables the associated PxIFG interrupt flag.
		Bit = 0: The interrupt is disabled.
		Bit = 1: The interrupt is enabled